Event-driven backtest system written in Python. Simulates high-frequency (minute to second) strategies across the forecasting, momentum
and mean reversion domains.

Handles: 
- basic market
- limit orders
- market-on-open (MOO)
- market-on-close (MOC)

Components:

Event - The Event is the fundamental class of the event-driven system. It contains
a type (such as "MARKET", "SIGNAL", "ORDER" or "FILL") that determines how it
will be handled within the event-loop.

Event Queue - The Event Queue is an in-memory queue object that stores all
of the Event sub-class objects that are generated by the rest of the software.

DataHandler - The DataHandler is an abstract base class (ABC) that presents an inter-
face for handling both historical or live market data. This provides significant flexibility
as the Strategy and Portfolio modules can thus be reused between both approaches. The
DataHandler generates a new MarketEvent upon every heartbeat of the system.

Strategy - The Strategy is also an ABC that presents an interface for taking market data
and generating corresponding SignalEvents, which are ultimately utilised by the Portfolio
object. A SignalEvent contains a ticker symbol, a direction (LONG or SHORT) and a
timestamp.

ExecutionHandler - The ExecutionHandler simulates a connection to a brokerage. The
job of the handler is to take OrderEvents from the Queue and execute them, either via a
simulated approach or an actual connection to a liver brokerage. Once orders are executed
the handler creates FillEvents, which describe what was actually transacted, including fees,
commission and slippage (if modelled).

Backtest - All of these components are wrapped in an event-loop that correctly handles
all Event types, routing them to the appropriate component.